servus people alexej cape of hearts
to be allowed to come on the canal today
bit over the ea server gravel and
worked for many popular multiplayer in
names will not be mentioned battlefield
2 421 42 and pierre de wit 19 42 as well
crysis and crysis 2 before everyone here
upset what they turn off the
but of course that depends on the games
when shutdown on 31 may together this
server for most servers this
games become more about games
hosted and that make one of the dense ones
week by biggest server on again
world does not have to do so now
we'll see how things are going on
short to the gameplay behind and that is
a little battlefield 2
jalal abad singleplayer so against bot
two of the multiplayer was for me
relative and yes I would say
unplayable
but okay i was relatively late because of that
first found by the whole of
Pampers were kicked because of participating
stupid mistakes somehow in the
I had to install it first
1004 error messages and solutions
and problem is it finally ran and
then I was on and 30 for example
man can server mortar and spam to the
die
It was just fun, which I did
with his shit , that's you
the eternal radio 42 decide
can not turn off the on
multiplayer server so annoying that me
get the pure puke so here have
I just go for a bit of zinc
played lead there it was not so
you know how that sounds I
my short excerpt for you
gehts grad still waiting times but that's
Alone this vbs is out of sack
yes everything was fine and good but from Monday
Otherwise at least to a minimum
reduce because so many books
wrong on the whole really 20
partly with each other there is animal
on the bag
but now back to the server
shutter and so I have one
news from gamestar it was like in june 2014
So after the 1 0 38
there are many older games from her
taken offline from the portfolio
It is about a total of 50 titles in the
your online support this month
I will quote here
a little something from gamestar.de to
example values ​​4 2 crysis 2 as I said
So we have here for example in the
Beds titles would be 21 42 for pc and mac
extension of the emergency power and secret
weapons of what you included
betty 2 for pc extension special
forces included which two modern
combat for ps 221 42 for pc and mac no
fun strike expectation included
have benefited for pc eg command
Conquer 3 Tiberium what we after having
while red alert 3 general
that would be all there is crysis and crysis 2
for the pc is very much a pity if
then I have to say because they are
They are not that bad and they are not
keep running and now outside
portfolios if he is still battle of and
to call metal of two as far as I am concerned
they are white
no parts in the game just the new values
made by economics as by lucasarts
and led by two for example
but a top party support offered such
The look is not quite
so clear
it will probably be over there
Software Game Rangers want to run there
I do not inform myself that way
because that's always a bit of arg
is complicated and I want you
inform briefly and with tutorial
how exactly this continues older needs
for speed for example pro student cover
for nintendo ds are also in the
multiplayer off takes place relatively
No matter, but there are quite a lot
play for example also old fifa
soccer parts for the nds or so
Generally your pc does not have that much
but then the well-known title was
I find a bit of a shame with violence
electronic arts has one on their side
update to the titles went out games
to be hosted at
and it looks like that , of course
here as a reason the shutdown of
call gamespy and since then known
is the alternative to be developed
to keep these games running so well
far I know cot company 2 too
So under these criteria will be there
probably a bit too
rumgebastelt that that runs again
Of course I hope that there of course
a good solution is found and what
I would very well imagine
the whole deficit I even
very welcome to the battlelog relocated
Of course, that's a big changeover
the architectures so because of in
Game server browser to a browser
based server browser and common
the structure of the battle ax somehow
I agree with that
that's really great
is going to be another driver i would
It is very welcome when you are completely
just times server can share
in this player even still somehow
architecture which therefore of itself a
experienced server architecture as update
would
and I think that then we too many
players would come back first of all
I think that's a pity
that one extra for the old title
account somehow does not need to
his origin account at least with me
so what else could one do then?
alongside umstieg I find very great
resist and be as good as there is
there are no exact messages
at least at the time of this recording
I will, of course, if there
something important gives you what do you call something
important on the foliage up to date
that's exactly what I am now
out at this point is still writing times
your opinion in the comments is me
you are also interested in which areas
we play the one of these
shutdown
I play you the list
gamestar.de is the description in
an overview i am now out
this one and hope that there is one
very good solution for this title
I am found I'm calling out
Until next time your alex disgust before
I am happy about everyone
Comment until then